# Monitor Blaze Meter Platform

## Description

Plugin collects Test Reports from the BlazeMeter Account. 

BlazeMeter plugin captures the Test Results of 3 Types of BlazeMeter Tests : 
* **Performance Test :** It captures the summary statistics for the test, requests used in the test, time-series metrics for each of the requests used in the test workflow for the whole duration of tests and the test response metrics (in case if there are any errors).
* **API Functional Test :** It captures the summary statistics for each of the group IDs and the full report for each of the request.
* **GUI Functional Test :** It captures the scenarios summary of the test and the full report for each of the request.

BlazeMeter test results can be visualized in SnappyFlow Dashboard and test anomalies can be observed. Since SnappyFlow is also set up to capture metrics, logs and traces from the application being tested, it now becomes easy to correlate the anomalies from the test observations with the application insights.

###  Pre-requisites 

* User should have a BlazeMeter Account. [(Click here to create a BlazeMeter Account)](https://auth.blazemeter.com/auth/realms/blazect/protocol/openid-connect/registrations?client_id=account&response_type=code&redirect_uri=https%3A%2F%2Fauth.blazemeter.com)
* User should have API Key and API Secret Key for the BlazeMeter Account.
[(Click here to know about how to generate BlazeMeter API Key)](https://guide.blazemeter.com/hc/en-us/articles/115002213289-BlazeMeter-API-keys--BlazeMeter-API-keys-)
* User should run Tests from the BlazeMeter Account. User can run following types of Tests in BlazeMeter :

    * Performance Test [(Click here to know about how to create and run the Performance Test in BlazeMeter)](https://guide.blazemeter.com/hc/en-us/articles/115005906109-Creating-a-Performance-Test-Creating-a-Performance-Test)
    * API Functional Test [(Click here to know about how to create and run the API Functional Test in BlazeMeter)](https://guide.blazemeter.com/hc/en-us/articles/115003729845-Creating-an-API-Functional-Test-Creating-an-API-Functional-Test)
    * GUI Functional Test [(Click here to know about how to create and run the GUI Functional Test in BlazeMeter)](https://guide.blazemeter.com/hc/en-us/articles/360000700158--GUI-Functional-Testing-Overview--GUI-Functional-Testing-Overview)

###  Configuration Settings 

Select *Testing Service* Endpoint Type in *Add Endpoints*.

Select the *blazemeter* plugin from the dropdown under Plugins tab and config the following parameters of the BlazeMeter Account:
- API Key
- API Secret Key
- Workspace ID
- Project ID
- Polling Interval

###  Documents  

All Test metrics are collected and tagged based on their document type to be displayed in BlazeMeter dashboard.

**List of Document Types :** 

* For Performance Test : 

    * **bzTestSummary :** Summary of Performance Test execution.
    * **bzTestRequests :** Summary stats on each of the requests used in the test workflow. Each test workflow is comprised of number of requests to the application. For each request there is a separate request statistics.
    * **bzTestRequestMetrics :** During the test execution, BlazeMeter collects response statistics at regular intervals (60 seconds) for each of the requests generated by test workflow. Using BlazeMeter APIs, time series metrics are retrieved for each of the requests. Metrics for each time interval reported by the API is extracted from the response and stored as individual metrics data in SnappyFlow.
    * **bzTestResponseMetrics :** During test execution, BlazeMeter collects time-line data with return codes in the response and the number of requests resulting with each type of return code.

* For API Functional Test : 

    * **bzTestAPIFunctionalSummaryStats :** Summary statistics for each of the group IDs.
    * **bzTestAPIFunctionalFullReport :** Full report for each of the requests.

* For GUI Functional Test : 

    * **bzTestGUIFunctionalScenariosSummary :** Scenarios summary of the GUI Functional Test.
    * **bzTestGUIFunctionalFullReport :** Full report for each of the requests.

For help with plugins, please reach out to [support@snappyflow.io](mailto:support@snappyflow.io).